# Forge service level agreement

1. **Service Level Commitment**.
   For Eligible Platform Services (as listed in the table in **Appendix A**) Atlassian must provide a monthly uptime percentage of 99.9% to Developer (the “**Service Level Commitment**”).
2. **Service Credits**.

   2.1. Eligibility. To be eligible to receive a service credit for Atlassian’s failure to meet the Service Level Commitment (“**Service Credit**”), Developer must submit a ticket at <https://developer.atlassian.com/support> with all fields fully and accurately completed within fifteen (15) days after the end of the calendar month in which the alleged failure occurred and provide any other reasonably requested information or documentation. Atlassian’s monitoring and logging infrastructure is the sole source of truth for determining whether Atlassian has met the Service Level Commitment.

   2.2. Issuance. If Atlassian confirms a failure to meet the Service Level Commitment, Atlassian will apply the Service Credit, which will be calculated as described in **Appendix B**, against a future payment due from Developer for the affected Platform Service, provided that Developer’s account is fully paid up, without any overdue payments or disputes. No refunds or cash value will be given for unused Service Credits. Service Credits may not be transferred or applied to any other Atlassian account or product. The aggregate maximum Service Credit applied to an invoice will not exceed 100% of the amount invoiced for the affected Platform Service in that invoice billing period (which, since Service Credits are applied to future payments, is not the month in which the affected Platform Service was unavailable).
3. **Exclusions**.
   Developer is not entitled to Service Credits if Developer is in breach of the Terms (as defined below) or has not provisioned the relevant Platform Service. The Service Level Commitment does not include unavailability to the extent due to: (a) Developer’s use of the Platform Service in a manner not authorized under the Terms; (b) force majeure events or other factors outside of Atlassian’s reasonable control, including internet access or related problems; (c) Developer equipment, software, network connections or other infrastructure; (d) End User Data or other data submitted to the Atlassian Platform by Developer; (e) issues resulting from the operation of Developer’s Forge Apps, such as errors, misconfigurations, or faulty instructions or arguments; (f) use of the Atlassian Platform exceeding applicable quotas, rate limits, or other usage limits; or (g) routine scheduled maintenance or reasonable emergency maintenance to the Forge Platform. The Service Level Commitment does not apply to (i) Early Access Materials or (ii) features excluded from the Service Level Commitment in the applicable Documentation.
4. **Exclusive Remedies**.
   Service Credits are Developer’s exclusive remedy and Atlassian’s entire liability for Atlassian’s failure to meet the Service Level Commitment.
5. **Definitions**.
   All capitalized terms used and not defined in this Service Level Agreement have the meanings given to them in the Atlassian Developer Terms available at [https://developer.atlassian.com/platform/marketplace/atlassian-developer-terms/](/platform/marketplace/atlassian-developer-terms/) (“**Terms**”).
